Feature/logging config (#320)
rticommunity/rticonnextdds-examples: examples/connext_dds/logging_config/README.md

Logging is the most basic and important debuggability feature. It allows you to
control how much debugging information is reported during runtime.

## Concept

-   **NDDS_Config_LogVerbosity**: The verbosities at which RTI Connext diagnostic
information is logged.
-   **NDDS_Config_LogLevel**: Level category assigned to RTI Connext log messages
returned to an output device.
-   **NDDS_Config_LogPrintFormat**: The format used to output RTI Connext diagnostic
information.
-   **NDDS_CONFIG_LOG_PRINT_FORMAT_MAXIMAL**: Print all available fields: timestamp,
    thread Name, Activity Context, Module, File and Line, Method, Message Id and
    Backtrace.

## Example Description

In this example we illustrate how to use the Logging API. As in other examples
a DomainParticipant, Type, Topic, Publisher and DataWriter are created.

The verbosity is set to **NDDS_CONFIG_LOG_VERBOSITY_WARNING**, it means that all
warnings and erros will be filter in and will be logged in the terminal.

The **NDDS_CONFIG_LOG_PRINT_FORMAT_MAXIMAL** is set in the *NDDS_Config_LogLevel*
**NDDS_CONFIG_LOG_LEVEL_WARNING**, it means that all the warnings message will

> be composed wit all the available RTI Connext diagnostic fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be composed with all the available RTI Connext diagnostic fields.
```

Two samples are written and then for the second one we force the write operation
to fail: when using *DDS_BY_SOURCE_TIMESTAMP_DESTINATIONORDER_QOS*, if source
timestamp is older than the one from a previous write, a warning  will be logged.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The expected output is:
```

    #08    /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libc.so.6(__libc_start_main+0xf0) [0x7f752f6ba840]
    #09    ./logging_publisher() [0x403039]
```

- **Timestamp**: The time when the message was logged.

```plaintext
[2020-11-27 13:51:52.503762]
```

-   **Thread Name**: Thread identification strings uniquely identify active threads
when a message is output to the console. A thread may be a user (application)
thread or one of several types of internal threads.

```plaintext
U00007f753124c700_logging_publish
```

-   **Activity Context**: Activity Context provides more context about a logging
message. It is a group of resources and activities associated with an action.
In the following example, the context is "a DataWriter is writing a sample".
    -   Resource: the DataWriter writing the sample. The attributes of the DataWriter
    will be guid, name, kind, topic, type and the domain id.
    -   Activity will be “write a sample”.

```plaintext
[0x01016FA9,0xB965C9C1,0x4E59B461:0x80000003{E=DW,T=Example logging,C=logging,D=0}|WRITE]
```

- **Module**: Id representing the module

```plaintext
Mx16
```

> - **File and Line**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **File and Line**: The file name (including the path to the file) and line number where to log message was printed.
```

```plaintext
writer_history.1.0/srcC/memory/Memory.c:7411
```

> - **Method** name where the message is logged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Method**: The method name where the message was logged
```

```plaintext
WriterHistoryMemoryPlugin_addSample:RTI0x2161002:out of order
```

> - **Message Id**: It is a identification of the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Message Id**: The unique identifier of the logged message.
```
